eight months ago Bob Ghica left the
hustle and bustle of Boston he chose
Memphis as the place where he could hone
his skill as a centuries-old craft you
probably call him a guitar maker because
that's what he does but as videographer
Carl Jones now shows us tonight his work
reflects much more than simple repairs I
select dry maple and use Brazilian
rosewood
I'm a luthier not a guitar repayment a
luthier is a person who builds
instruments designs and builds and eats
them for breakfast that's the difference
after cutting your body out and spend a
lot of hard work and carving and
sculpting the body these bodies are
designed and carved for sound comfort
and lots of other things that pretty
much my secrets and I'd rather not tell
anybody bottle after you finished
carving and sculpting the body
completely you then create a neck for
the instrument and join it to the body
and at this point when you know you have
it where you want it you're about ready
to put a finish on it and then you have
to create electronic system as you can
see on my instruments my electronic
system is completely original plug it
into your favorite amp and have some fun
you
so that's how they make those things
they're carved we thank you for watching
tonight we'll be back tonight at ten